This file attempts to document all properties that can be considered
available for use.

Defined directly in build.xml:

  useIvy:  user settable property that turns on and off use of Ivy for 
     fetching dependencies.  If false, script assumes all dependencies 
     are already in their proper, local place.  

Defined in build-layout.xml (defines the layout of the product within 
its directory):

  basedir:  
     the top directory within the product distribution or SVN area.  All
     layout-defined directories are within this base.  
  build.dir:  a directory would the products resulting from building the
     product.  (${basedir}/target) 
  class.dir:  
     the directory for writing out compiled Java class files
  conf.dir
     a directory for configuration files
  deps.dir:  
     a scratch area for collecting/building product dependencies
  dist.dir:  
     a place for writing out various distributable artifacts, including
     war files and tar-balls.  
  env.*
    properties imported from the shell environment
  etc.dir
     a dirrectory to contain various "system" files that are needed
     to build or run the product.
  jar.dir:
     the directory where jar files should be deployed (defaults to
     ${lib.dir}) 
  jsrc.dir
     the root directory for all Java source files 
  lib.dir:
     a directory for holding libraries needed by the product.  This can 
     include jar files, C-libraries, etc.
  local.jar.path
     The classpath containing all Java code local to this product.  By
     default, this is set to a path containing all the jar files found
     in ${jar.dir}.  
  src.dir
     the root directory for all source files (in all languages)
  tclass.dir: 
     the directory for writing out compiled Java test class files. 
  test.dir
     the root directory for all test source and support files
  testreport.dir:  
     the directory for writing out reports from unit test execution
  tjsrc.dir
     the root directory for all Java test source files 
  tmp.dir:
     a general temporary area used during building.  Anything that is
     writing here should not be an explicit dependency in the build
     process.  
  web_deply
     the external directory to use to deploy non-war file artifacts to
     the web (defaults to the value of the WEB_DEPLOY environment
     variable).
  web.dir
     a directory containing files that might be deployed to the Web
  war_deply
     the external directory to use to deploy Java servlet war files to
     the web (defaults to the value of the WEB_DEPLOY environment
     variable).

Defined in build-vao.xml

  vao.build.layout.file
    the path to the build-layout.xml file
  vao.ivy.settings.file
    the path-less file name to assume for the ivysettings.xml file
    (default: ivysettings.xml)
  vao.repos.baseurl
    the base URL for the software repository where dependencies can 
    be retrieved.  

  vaosoft.ivy.settings.dir
    the directory relative to the vaosoft product directory 
    (i.e. $VAOSOFT_HOME) might be located.

Defined in vaosoft-recipes.xml

  vao.home
    the root directory for managing the VAO software stack
  vao.ivy.settings.file
    the path-less file name to assume for the ivysettings.xml file
    (default: ivysettings.xml)
  vao.ivy.settings.path
    the actual path to use for the ivysettings.xml file
  vao.ivy.ivy.file
    the path-less file name to assume for the ivy.xml file that
    describes a specific product, it's dependencies and its artifacts
  vao.repos.baseurl
    the base URL for the software repository where dependencies can 
    be retrieved.  
  vao.repos.beta
    the base URL for the beta software repository
  vao.repos.prod
    the base URL for the production software repository
  vao.repos.use
    the software repository, either "prod" or "beta" to actually use
    (default is "prod").

  vaosoft.about.alt.file
    an alternative path to the current product's about properties file
    (e.g. one retrieved from the repository)
  vaosoft.about.file
    the default path-less file name for the about properties file
  vaosoft.about.path
    the full path to the current product's about properties file
  vaosoft.build.dir
    a directory where products to be installed into vao.home can be
    built.  This is intended to be a base directory where each product 
    is built in its own subdirectory.  (build-vao.xml sets this to 
    ./target/deps)
  vaosoft.build.product.dir
    the directory where the product is unpacked for building and
    installation into vao.home
  vaosoft.cache.dir
    a cache directory for caching dependency artifacts.
  vaosoft.home
    the root directory containing the installation of the VAOsoft product
  vaosoft.ivy.settings.dir
    the directory on the local system where the Ivy settings file
    might be located.
  vaosoft.products.dir
    the directory within vao.home where products are installed

Defined in about.properties:
  product.art.*
    artifact metadata
  product.art.defaultFile
    the default file pattern for forming the full name of an artifact
  product.art.defaultName
    the default base name for distribution artifact
  product.art.filenamePattern
    specific filename patterns for artifacts

  product.build.type
    the type of build system it uses/requires to build and install it.

  product.dep.for.*
    dependency mappings 
  product.dep.product.*
    organization, name, and version of the product's dependencies

  product.install.evidence.env
  product.install.evidence.dirfile.*
  product.install.evidence.stddir.*
  product.install.evidence.swdir

  product.name
    the name of the product
  product.org
    the organization responsible for creating the distributions

Derived from the about.properties file:
  product.org
  product.version
  product.prodpath
    the path (relative to a base) to the product artifacts in the 
    repository
  product.pkg.base
    the expected basename for the product's distribution file
  product.pkg.tgz
    the expected basename for the product's tar-ball distribution file
  product.pkg.zip
    the expected basename for the product's zip distribution file
  product.pkg.dir
    the path in the repository for all a products artifacts
  product.pkgpath.zip
    the path in the repository to product's zip distribution file
  product.pkgpath.tgz
    the path in the repository to product's tar-ball distribution file
  product.pkgurl.zip
    the full URL in the repository to product's zip distribution file
  product.pkgurl.tgz
    the full URL in the repository to product's tar-ball distribution file


